How are the people down there doing?
Your Highness
Our special forces use explosives to throw
More than 40,000 dead
That's not bad.
Keep it up.
Impossible
Didn't you call it Dragon Tail Kill?
Is it a butt sore?
Is it possible that the world will die and I will also die?
Hey Won Song
We should be on the good side
Don't you have 50,000 army?
Report to Your Highness
Nu ship missile has been launched
All the soldiers are dead
100,000 army died by accident
That's impossible.
Absolutely impossible
That's a hundred thousand troops
Child, you can't lie to me.
Master Xiang is dead
The spirit is all dead
50,000 soldiers heard that Dajin was defeated and scattered
Heavenly Demon King, I am not a crime of war